# COEN174-AlumniEngagementRecordingSystem
  The SCU Alumni office presently does not have an appropriate location to share SCU alumni events. Nor do they have an accurate method to record alumni attendance at such events.  Currently if a SCU alum wants to create an event and share that with fellow alums, they have to create an event on Facebook and share it with a SCU alumni page; hoping that people will check it and eventually attend the event. The SCU Alumni Office would then have to check that Facebook page to see what alumni events are happening and use the event’s user acceptance as a form of checking who went. This method does not give an accurate number of attendants of these events since Facebook event acceptances do not represent true attendance. Sharing these events on Facebook also limits the visibility of alumni events, because you must be a Facebook user to accept the invitation and not everyone has a Facebook account. Thus, this current system does not solve the SCU Alumni Office’s problem of sharing and recording attendance of SCU alumni events.

	Our solution would be a mobile friendly, web-based application that allows both alumni and the SCU Alumni Office to create events viewable by the public. The creator of the event will be able to populate an event page with the title, date, time, location, description, and event size estimations. This application will allow alumni events to be contained to a single platform that doesn’t require the users to concurrently hold an account to view or respond. The UI will be presented in a simple calendar view that will centralize all relevant information. While simplifying the UI for the user, our platform would also provide more data on hosts and attendees to the alumni office. Upon creation, hosts will fill out a form to verify their alumni status. Alumni attendees will be asked to fill out a form to check-in upon arrival at the event. This will provide useful data for the SCU Alumni Office to help keep an up-to-date directory of SCU alumni.

  If an alum wanted to create an event, they would visit our website and send a request to the SCU Alumni Office. This request would contain their full name, year of graduation, major, date of birth, and contact info. It would also contain event info to be posted on the website, consisting of an event title, a brief description of the event, the event’s time/date and location, and an estimation of how large the event will be. All of this would be sent to the SCU Alumni Office, where an office manager can confirm that the host is an alumni and that the proposed event fits the values SCU wishes to represent. The event would then be listed on the front page of the website in a calendar, and an email would be sent to the host with a QR code and link to a sign-in page for guests, plus a confirmation code to allow them to edit their event after the fact. During the event itself, alumni guests can confirm they attended by using the link or QR code to navigate to a specific website page, where they could enter their contact details and other personal info. All of the information from the guests would be automatically compiled into a report when requested by the SCU Alumni Office, who can add the information to their records of alumni for networking purposes. Our solution will help the SCU Alumni Office create a centralized portal through which they can coordinate alumni events and gather information about alumni for networking purposes, with a lower barrier to access and higher information output than the current solution.

